ENH add cache_validation_callback in Memory (#1149)
joblib/joblib: doc/memory.rst

    ...     shutil.rmtree(cachedir2)
    ... except OSError:
    ...     pass  # this can sometimes fail under Windows

Custom cache validation
-----------------------

In some cases, external factors can invalidate the cached results and
one wants to have more control on whether to reuse a result or not. This
is for instance the case if the results depends on a database that changes
across time, a small delay in the updates might be acceptable but after a
while, the result gets invalid. One can have a finer control on the cache
validity using a ``cache_validation_callback`` in :meth:`Memory.cache`:

    >>> import time
    >>> def cache_validation_cb(metadata):
    ...     # Only cache results for calls that take more than 1s
    ...     return metadata['duration'] > 1
    >>> @memory.cache(cache_validation_callback=cache_validation_cb)
    ... def my_func(delay=0):
    ...     time.sleep(delay)

>     ...	    print(f'Called with {delay}s delay')

Author: Not sure about this one? There need to be 5 spaces here no? else it is not aligned with the previous indentation?

>     ...	    print(f'Called with {delay}s delay')

Reviewer: That's possible.

>     >>> my_func()  # Put calls in cache
>     Called with 0s delay
>     >>> my_func(1.1)
>     Called with 1.1s delay
>     >>> my_func() # Result is not cached as it took less than 1s to compute
>     Called with 0s delay
>     >>> my_func(1.1)  # Result is cached as it took more than 1s to compute

Reviewer: It this clearer?
```suggestion
   # Only result that take more than 1s get in the cache. For instance:
    >>> my_func()
    Called with 0s delay
    >>> my_func(1.1)
    Called with 1.1s delay
    >>> my_func() # this one was not cached
    Called with 0s delay
    >>> my_func(1.1)  # but this one was 
```

This callback will be called with a single argument containing the metadata of
the cached called as a dictionary containing ``{'duration', 'input_args',
'time'}``. ``duration`` correspond to the duration of the function call,
``time`` to the timestamp when the cache called has been recorded and
``input_args`` is a dictionary of representation of the input arguments for
the cached function call. Note that a helper is avaible to set an validity
duration for cached results using :func:`joblib.expires_after`, with
arguments similar to the one of a ``timedelta``:

    >>> from joblib import expires_after
    >>> @memory.cache(cache_validation_callback=expires_after(seconds=0.5))
    ... def my_func():

>     ...	    print(f'Function run')

Author: I don't think so. there is an extra space between indentation level 0 and the def so we need a indentation of 5 for the level 1 no?

>     ...	    print(f'Function run')

Reviewer: That's possible, yes.
